# Contributing Guide

## Set up the development environment

**It is recommended to use [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) to develop this project, although this is not absolutely required.**

---

First make sure you have installed these below on your computer:

* Git
* Node.js runtime version >= 16
* yarn

Then get the source code.

```sh
git clone --recursive https://github.com/baiyang-lzy/bbg.git
```

Then go to the project root directory and execute command below to install dependencies:

```sh
yarn install
```

### Not using NPM or yarn as your package manager

You can use any package manager you like, as long as it doesn't interfere with the work of NPM or yarn. You also don't need to add files generated by other package managers (such as `yarn.lock`) to `.gitignore`.

## Commonly used commands

### Start a BBG instance (with debugging tools)

```sh
yarn run dev
```

### Start a BBG instance (without debugging tools, the same as the production environment)

```sh
yarn run start
```

### Build packages

> If you are building a package for macOS on a Windows platform, you must run the relevant commands with administrator privileges to create the correct symlinks.

> If you are building a package for Windows on the Linux platform, you need to install Wine.

```sh
yarn run build:win
yarn run build:linux
yarn run build:mac
```

### View documents locally

This project uses Docsify to manage documentation.

You can open a web server and an electron window by running the following command to view the documentation.

```sh
yarn run doc
```

You can also visit <http://localhost:23941>.

## What do these files mean? / I want to modify a function, where should I start?

BBG is written in [Vanilla](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vanilla_software) JS. Of course, if you want to use frameworks such as Vue and React, you can also install it with the package manager and import and use it in the corresponding location of this project, as long as it does not break the operation of other functions.

The `./main*.js` in the project root directory is the entry file of Electron.

`./App/*.js` are the files used to implement the main functions of BBG, and the specific functions can be seen from their file names. Due to the existence of `./App/manage.js`, all functions and variables in `./App/*.js` can be called each other during the running process of BBG.

Some examples:

`blog` is a JavaScript object converted from the blog's data file. Note that changes to this object in the program will not be reflected in the file.

`BlogInstance.writeBlogData()` is used to save the content of the blog object to a file.

## Using the developer panel

The BBG developer panel is currently available to help with publishing new releases.

Open the BBG developer panel with this command:

```sh
yarn run panel
```
